add SCC instructions for Helm for OpenShift (#8338)
DataDog/integrations-core: openshift/README.md

### Configuration

> If deploying the Datadog agent using any of the methods linked in the installation instructions above, you must include an SCC (Security Context Constraints) in order for the agent to be able collect data. Please follow the instructions below as they relate to your deployment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are deploying the Datadog Agent using any of the methods linked in the installation instructions above, you must include SCC (Security Context Constraints) for the Agent to collect data. Follow the instructions below as they relate to your deployment. 
```

{{ < tabs > }}
{{% tab "Helm" %}}

> The SCC can be applied directly within your Datadog agent's `values.yaml`. Simply add the following block underneath the `agents:` section in the file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SCC can be applied directly within your Datadog agent's `values.yaml`. Add the following block underneath the `agents:` section in the file. 
```

```yaml
...
agents:
...
  podSecurity:
    securityContextConstraints:
      create: true
...
```

> You can either apply this when you initially deploy the agent, or alternatively you can execute a `helm upgrade` after making this change to apply the SCC. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can apply this when you initially deploy the Agent. Or, you can execute a `helm upgrade` after making this change to apply the SCC. 
```
